DOC: fix In-pod mode with istiod on kind not works (#929)
istio/ztunnel: Development.md

          path: istio-token
EOF
```

> add `istiod.istio-system.svc` to `hosts` file, make [`verify_is_valid_for_subject_name`](https://crates.io/crates/rustls-webpki) works

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Add `istiod.istio-system.svc` to the system's `hosts` file so that [`verify_is_valid_for_subject_name`](https://crates.io/crates/rustls-webpki) passes:
```

Author: miss markdown lint, careful next time

EOF
```

Add `istiod.istio-system.svc` to the system's `hosts` file so that [`verify_is_valid_for_subject_name`](https://crates.io/crates/rustls-webpki) passes:

```shell

> echo "127.0.0.1 istiod.istio-system.svc" >> /etc/hosts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo "127.0.0.1 istiod.istio-system.svc" >> /etc/hosts
```

We shouldn't advise people to muck with their local `hosts` file - we shouldn't have any tests that depend on this.

Author: you right.. we maybe add some flag to skip dns subject check.
